Three days have passed since the the test on the uninhabited island.
On the luxurious cruise ship our school provided us with, nothing of
note was happening and there a peaceful lull had set in. For students
still in the primetime of their youth, having to undergo survival on an
island like that, most would lose their rational judgment. At the end
of the day, we boys are still little more than beasts and sexually
active carnivores. As we watched the girls who were dilly-dallying
their time away, we boys collectively began to expect a destined
experience with the girls. This is still a luxurious cruise ship where
you can lose yourself in a dreamlike world and forget about
everything bad. Even if people were to fall in love here it wouldn't be
strange at all.

Besides, I've already heard quite a few stories of students hooking up
with each other on this cruise and new couples being born every
other day. Unfortunately, that sort of encounter is unlikely to happen
with me and I continue to spend this time alone in solitude. My
situation is the same as it was before the island test. No. Perhaps the
environment around me did change? Even though it was against my
will, I was still forced to change my original trajectory after entering
this school. Initially, I chose to enter this school for a very specific
reason. "Contact with the outside until graduation is forbidden".
That one school rule was the reason I entered. Right now, a "certain

man" is attempting to contact me from the outside. Chabashira-
sensei was the one who informed me of this. Furthermore, she's

blackmailed me into helping her take the class to A Class by
threatening to forcibly expel me if I did not comply. It would've been
a stupid story otherwise, but lacking the power to refuse, I was

forced to go along with it. I have no way of ascertaining the truth of
her claims, so I decided to play it safe by assuming it to be true.

But I will not be blackmailed by her forever. For now, I will gather the
necessary information and depending on the circumstances I will
have to make the first move. A sweet devil whispers this into the
back of my head. "Get them before they get you". That's all I need to
do. But that sort of violent thought was only for a moment, I soon
return to my normally pacifistic way of thinking. "If only I had the
power to punch the Earth's axis out of balance" I thought. If I could
only do that, there'd be no need to worry about such trivial things.
Saying that, I daydreamed about living in the world of Dragon Ball.
The students were uneasy at first after the test ended thinking
something more would come. But nothing happened. The cruise was
serene, peaceful and enjoyable. Almost as if summer vacations were
already upon us. Naturally, the students switched into a festive
mood. During this two-week trip it seems the latter week would be
nothing but a continuous, luxurious vacation for the students.

The students were especially relaxed since the island test had just
ended. And it's not exactly a bad thing. The fact that students were
able to stay calm during the test itself is the reason we were able to
get good results. "Hmm? Have you been in your room this whole
time?". My fellow male student, Hirata Yousuke, was the one who
called out to me. "There's no reason for me to go out, I don't have
anyone to spend time with anyways" I reply to him. "That's not true,
there's Sudou and Horikita as well" he tells me. Indeed, Sudou and
Horikita are people I can technically categorize as "friends". But just
because you are categorized as a "friend" there is still a hierarchy.
And if you are at the bottom of that hierarchy, the treatment
between friends will still be different. Sometimes when people go

out, they'll only invite you once out of 10 outings. I am that sort of
person, existing only to be invited once in 10 outings.

"I think Ayanokouji-kun will be able to make more friends if you were
a bit more aggressive" Hirata tells me. This person is a popular man
who many students like and support considerably. In particular, girls
seem to trust him a lot. He also has a girlfriend like Karuizawa. For a
man as lucky and happy as Hirata, he will never understand the
suffering of a loner like me. "Ayanokouji-kun's way of talking is
already fine, you just need the trigger to converse" he keeps telling
me. I don't need that sort of cruel kindness.

I don't need words from girls like "Eeh...you look like you could be
popular". Because if I reply to them with "Then go out with me"
they'll just say "That's a bit troublesome". It's because I was unable
to form any friends nor have a girlfriend that I was forced to spend
time alone like this. Hirata then tells me "I'm planning to go out with
Karuizawa-san at 12:30 to have lunch together. Would you like to tag
along with us. I'm sure it'll be fun to have you with us". "Is it just
Karuizawa?" I ask him. "Not exactly, there are 3 other girls that will
be with us. Do you dislike that?" he asks.

If I have to admit the truth, I've been wanting to talk a bit with
Karuizawa for a while now. But...there's no need to hurry. Besides
with other girls tagging along with us it will be hard to initiate a
conversation with her and I definitely won't be able to liven up the
lunch. "I'll have to pass, I don't think I'll get along with Karuizawa's
group after all" I tell Hirata. With the completion of our 1st semester,
the relationships between classmates have already been set in stone.

There's no way I can build a new relationship with someone else at
this point. I can already imagine Karuizawa's dislike of me.

Hirata sat down near to me, having realized that I did not want to
initiate new relationships with people. "I can understood what you
would be reluctant, but I want you to depend on me" Hirata finally
tells me.

Hirata was ready to help anytime and anywhere with that pleasant
face. I thankfully decline his offer with a shake of my head. "Only 10
minutes to go before lunch, I think you should leave me now" I tell
Hirata. "There's no need to hurry, besides I think it's fun being with
you like this now" Hirata quickly replies. At first glance you may think
I'm simply trying to sound strong or making excuses, but I'm actually
quite satisfied with my current situation. Of course, when I first came
here, I was thinking I'd be able to make 100 friends and went in with
that kind of determination. But that momentum quickly died down.
Although I was able to make friends with the 3 Idiots, Horikita,
Kushida and Sakura. All in all, my social school life isn't doing so bad,
I can be convinced of that. But the guy named Hirata was unable to
leave a classmate wallow in loneliness like this. He tells me "Then
how about we have lunch just the two of us together, will you be
happy with that?" he proceeds to ask me.

It was just the two of us right now, with Hirata staring intently at me.
It seems he'll be insistent on this to the end. "I'm fine with it, but you
need to consider Karuizawa's feelings" I tell Hirata. "Its ok, I can eat
with Karuizawa-san whenever I want, but with you Ayanokouji-kun, I
have limited opportunities to eat together" Hirata replies. A kind
person like Hirata was able to pay no attention to the fact that he

was basically asking another man out for lunch. I quickly thought
perhaps he swings "that way". Despite his crazy popularity, Hirata
was always able to maintain his sense of rationality as a man after
all.

"I don't want Karuizawa to hate me later on" I tell him in an attempt
to politely decline his invitation. It seems it managed to work by
appealing to Hirata's conscience. "Its ok, Karuizawa-san isn't the type
to be angry at you for something like that" he replies to me. No, no.
Karuizawa's definitely that type of girl I thought. Even if she pretends
to be docile in front of Hirata, she's definitely the dominant type
when dealing with the other girls. Perhaps she hasn't revealed that
side of her to Hirata? I thought.

He almost seemed like a kind teacher trying to mercifully help bad
students. "I think I'll cancel the lunch with Karuizawa-san after all" he
tells me. He quickly pulls out his mobile and calls Karuizawa. I tried to
stop him but Hirata uses his hands to cover my eyes and stop me.
"Do you have anything you'd like to eat in particular?" he asks me. I
was forced to listen to Hirata cancel the lunch date with Karuizawa.
"I can eat anything...I'd just like to avoid heavy foods if possible" I
finally told him. The cruise ship has a lot of restaurants. The menu
ranges from junk food such as ramen and hamburgers to something
like French cuisine. Since it's still daytime I'd like to eat light food if at
all possible.

As I thought, Hirata really did cancel his date with Karuizawa for this.
I couldn't clearly hear Karuizawa's voice through the call but Hirata
forcibly shut her down and cancelled the date anyways. "Are you
really fine with this?" I ask him. "Of course. Let's go to the deck. If it's

only snacks it'll be easier to eat out there anwyays" he tells me.
Hirata opened the door and pulled me out of it. "Thank you for your
cooperating during the island test I cannot thank you enough,
Ayanokouji-kun. You even helped me look for the culprit" Hirata tells
me. "Don't thank me for it. The credit belongs to Horikita. She's the
one who found the culprit that stole the underwear" I quickly tell
him in response.

"Of course that is true, but I still want to thank Ayanokouji-kun who
cooperated with me without reservation" he tells me. Speaking of
underwear, there's still something I want to ask him. I looked around
to see if there were any people around.

"Did you return Karuizawa's underwear to her yourself?" I ask him.
"Yeah after all Ibuki-san was the culprit so she was able to accept it
smoothly" he tells me. The underwear I was talking about was the
theft incident during the island test where the underwear of one of
the girls, Karuizawa Kei, was stolen and things quickly became
turbulent. Especially since the underwear was found in one of the
men's bags, the relationship between the boys and the girls became
strained. But Hirata managed to resolve it by returning the
underwear and figuring out the culprit. In either case, all turned out
well. It was a delicate situation so was I worried about what could've
happened.

I was worried that even if it's Hirata, returning a girl's stolen
underwear could've turned out badly. The fact that he was able to
smoothly return a girl's underwear to her might mean that he's
already climbed the steps to adulthood. From the elevator in the

cruise ship to the deck, students seemed to be enjoying their
summer vacation in their favourite dresses.

Since there was also an on-board pool nearby both male and female
students were boldly wearing swimsuits and swimming in the pool.
Since the tension of the test had come undone, this was inevitable. It
might have been that the pent-up rebellious desire of the students
that was suppressed during the island test finally came free to result
in this situation. This was compounded by the fact that you do not
need to pay any points for use of the facilities provided by the cruise
including food and drinks. Regardless of your points, the above
things are all free. Of course, you'd still need to pay to loan swimsuits
and other swimming equipment but aside from that, everything else
is free.

By the time we reached the restaurant, over half the seats had
already been filled. The two of us quickly secured the vacant seats
that still remained amongst the crowded restaurant. "To be
honest...I have something I'd like to talk to you about" Hirata tells
me. While I was looking down at the menu, Hirata's voice
apologetically asked me that. "What is it?" I ask him. Of course there
was an ulterior motive. That's why he was so insistent on eating with
me. I'm not complaining because since he went out of his way to
invite me, there must be a reason for it.

"I may not be the best listener but...do you have the short version of
it?" I ask him. I'm neither a good speaker nor a good listener so that's
the reason I asked for the condensed version of it. "I would like you
to be the bridge between me and Horikita-san, I think Horikita-san
will be an indispensable person to D Class in the future and I would

very much like to work together with her" Hirata tells me. I see, so he
needs my help for that. I nodded as Hirata kept talking while

apologizing to me. "Even the other day, it was thanks to Horikita-
san's efforts that D Class won an unexpected victory. The morale of

the class is soaring. I think the number of students who like Horikita-
san has also gone up which is a huge change from before" he tells me.

"I suppose that's true" I say. The girl named Horikita Suzune is a D
Class student who coincidentally also was my first friend here. But
other than that, she's a solitary person with no friends at all. The only
skill she has is the ability to be a honors student in the academic
sense. But her weakness, in exchange, is that she is bad at
interpersonal skills and often has a demanding attititude which
causes difficulties when socializing. "Right now, I feel like together
me and her and everyone else working together we can climb up
together to C Class, B Class and finally A Class" Hirata says
optimistically.

If I'd heard this story from anyone else I'd have brushed it aside as a
convenient story. But Hirata once brought up the matter of Horikita
from the start of the semester. From the start, he must have sensed
the potential that Horikita had. I don't sense any ill will from Hirata. I
don't mind helping him out in this regard, the task itself is relatively
simple. But even if I can bring Hirata and Horikita together. But that
alone won't solve the problem.

"But even if you I bridge the gap between you and Horikita, it won't
go over that easily, Horikita's just that type of person". Even if I try to
mend the relationship between Horikita and Hirata it will only

appear to her as unnecessary interference. If she feels that way, she
might actually widen the gap between her and the rest of the class in
response. Her interactions with Kushida at the start of the first
semester is proof of that fact.

"Of course I do understand that fact, Horikita-san will not open
herself up to anyone but Ayanokouji-kun. I don't intend on forcing
this issue, that is why I would like you to be the bridge that connects
my existence to Horikita-san's" he says. And so I'm supposed to tell
this to Horikita is what he's saying. That means vice versa, I will also
need to relay Horikita's feelings on the matter back to Hirata.

Indeed, if I act as Hirata's medium, Horikita won't have to work
together with the rest of the class and we can build an invisible
bridge of cooperative relationships. "It's easier said than done,
usually I'm the one following Hori...to be more precise, I've never
really given Horikita any opinions before. If I started giving my
opinions on matters suddenly it would seem strange" I reply to him.
"But as of right now I don't have any better ideas. Even if I were to
talk to Horikita-san about this right now, I don't have the confidence
that I'd be able to convince her to work together with us. This is my
last resort" Hirata tells me.

"Isn't it a bit premature to be resorting to last resorts at this point?" I
ask him. I certainly understand now his desire to work together with
Horikita. But if so, he has no choice but to directly approach Horikita
on the matter. I do understand that doing this might be difficult for
him, but working together with others as a team is also equally
difficult.

Hirata should have been able to realize something as obvious as this.
He's the one who cares about this class and thinks about it and
cherishes the bonds of friendship among it the most. But there's still
one question left regarding him. Back on the island, he seemed
almost to be afraid of something and losing sight of himself. I still
remember the strange behavior Hirata had back on the island. When
the unity of D Class was compromised by the incident, he seemed to
have almost been 'empty'. That is not normal behavior.

For now, I order sandwiches and some drinks. Light food overall,
easy to eat. Students were swimming in the pool on the deck while
others were eating while still in their swimsuits. The mood amongst
the students seemed to be a festive one. If Ike and Yamauchi were
here, they'd be drooling more at the girls' swimsuits than the meal
itself. Hirato, on the other hand, paid no attention to the girls at all
but instead was staring at me.

"Yeah, like Ayanokouji-kun said, my plan may have been a poorly
thought-out one" he admitted. He's also honest to a fault and able to
recognize his own mistakes in rational judgments quickly. That is one
of Hirata's strengths. But it seemed his desire to cooperate with
Horikita was stronger after all since he didn't show any signs of giving
up on persuading me. "It seems I'll have to rethink my approach,
Horikita-san is a very serious type of person. How did you manage to
get along with her Ayanokouji-kun?" he asks me.

In order to strengthen his relationship with Horikita, it seems like
Hirata wants to befriend her first by asking me for advice. I think
that's the right attitude to take and if there's something I can do I'd
like to lend him a hand. "Let me refute one of your points. It's not

like I'm getting along with Horikita well or anything too, it seems like
she doesn't even recognize me as a friend" I point out. "But it seems
like Horikita only gets along well with you, Ayanokouji-kun". So that
makes me special because I'm the only one able to get along with
that one person. Or perhaps that's something a man who's easily
able to befriend 40 people says. Because of the frustration he feels
from not being able to befriend this one particular person.

"Don't be so impatient, we've just finished the first semester you
know?" I tell him.

The cohesion of the class is directly correlated to the time spent
together. Or in some cases, when they're pitted suddenly in harsh
conditions like during the island test. Of course you can force
cohesion in the class by acting towards your fellow classmates but
that sort of cohesion is very fragile and easily crumbles away.

"I should also add that Horikita is not the type to make friends easily"
I said. I said it simply so that Hirata could understand that the fastest.
"...that might be true". Perhaps he might have been impatient on
that regard but Hirata's face showed a reaction. "I admit I wasn't
thinking of her feelings but rather only my own desire for
cooperation" Hirata told me with a smile while nodding. I'm sure he
understands now. "I'm sorry, I invited you out here only to listen to
my selfish request, let's eat shall we?" Hirata tells me.

Perhaps he noticed too, but after a while Hirata also became aware
that someone was approaching us and looked at me with an
embarrassed face.

"Ah...so you were here after all, Hirata-kun. Let's eat lunch
together!". A happy voice called out to us. It was Karuizawa who was
approaching us.

"Umm...Karuizawa-san, I'm sure I called you a while ago to tell you
about cancelling the lunch, but..." Hirata was stumbling over his
words. Karuizawa and her friends pull another table, joins it with our
table while Karuizawa quickly pushes me out of the group. The lunch
suddenly became rather noisy and I, of course, have trouble
socializing. But I don't need to worry. I'm used to situations like this
already. In this case I will need to use my special skill "Quickly escape
the scene".

I picked up my food and quietly left. My eyes met with Hirata's for a
moment, but soon he was surrounded by Karuizawa and the other
girls and I could no longer see him.

I guess that's one of the downsides of making too many friends. You
lose the time you could spend on yourself by having to spend it on
others. Even if Hirata has any personal problems he needs to consult
someone on, I'm sure he cannot ask Karuizawa for advice so he'll
have to keep them shut up inside.
