Having abandoned Hirata to Karuizawa, I decided to return to my
room having no one to hang out with or talk to. I used the stairs
instead of the elevator to go back down into the ship to the third

floor where my room is. There were wet stains in the corridor, I
noticed. It wasn't just my room but the stains stretched through the
whole corridor. I walked along the stains, following them and noticed
a man walking gracefully through the corridor wearing nothing but
swimpants. His entire upper body was naked.

"S-sir! This is a problem for us, if you walk through the corridor while
you're wet!" One of the staff, noticing the emergency situation,
rushes down to talk to the man. The staff was already carrying a
towel in his hands, as if he's always been carrying it for situations like
this.

"Ha Ha Ha. It looks like you've found me" the man declares.

"Yes, sir. It's the fourth time I've found you like this. I've told you
countless times before but please wipe your body off before
returning to the ship. D-doing something like this will greatly
inconvenience the other guests" the staff seemed to be saying.

So this is why the staff had prepared the towel in advance, he'd
already seen this happen many times before.

"I make it a principle to never wipe my body down" Kouenji said
while water droplets dripped from his whole body. Suddenly he
stopped walking. "Do you happen to have pen and paper?" he asked
the staff. "Huh?...uh I do have a notebook and a pen" the staff
quickly replied to him without understanding exactly where he was
going with this while awkwardly taking out a pen and his notepad.
"Do you know that the signature of a celebrity can unexpectedly

have a premium price, sometimes being worth tens of millions
abroad?" Kouenji told the staff. "And...what of it?" he asked Kouenji
in reply. Once he had finished scribbling something in the notepad
with the pen, Kouenji swiftly handed it back to the staff. It was from
a distance so I couldn't see properly but it seems like he had written
his name 'Kouenji Rokusuke' on the notepad. "W-What is this?" the
staff meekly asked him.

"Is it not obvious? It is a signature. A signature. Although it is written
on such a cheap note, in the future it shall most definitely have
tremendous value. I shall give this to you as a present. Accept it
gratefully" Kouenji told the staff. It seems Kouenji is not such a bad
guy after all, he gave the staff his signature in the hopes that it will
be of use to him as a means of expressing his gratitude. But I
somehow doubt it will be of much use to the staff, most likely it was
just a waste of good paper and ink. "Do not make me look to be a
fool, I am the man who will carry Japan's future on his back in the
future. As thanks for helping me, I will allow you to work on a much
larger luxury ship then. One large enough to make this one look like a
commoner's ship" Kouenji declared to the staff. Personally I thought,
I'd rather not have the ship be too large and run a Titanic risk of
sinking. However, Kouenji seemed to be laughing satisfactorily. The
staff seemed to have lost his resolve to stop this man and only stared
at the now-wet floor dejectedly.

Rumors have it that classmates actively avoid Kouenji due to this
very selfish personality of his. It seems like several of my own
classmates have already experienced what this staff boy had just
experienced. I'm sure if it's Hirata, he would make sure to call out to
Kouenji even if he gets brushed aside like the staff just now. But the
man named Kouenji is like poison, and those who interact with him,

friend or foe will suffer for it. To avoid such a problem, I simply and
quietly walked past the two of them. "Oh. If it isn't Ayanokouji Boy?
What a coincidence" Kouenji suddenly calls out my name.
Unexpectedly hearing my name being called out like that, I looked
back at him to see the staff boy happily smiling that the target of
Kouenji's whims had shifted from him to me as if to say 'I'm finally
free' to me. Indeed, Kouenji seemed to belong to some violent alien
species that would greedily devour all the native species in a river.
"Do you have some business with me?" I calmly ask him.

"No, no. No such thing. I am simply calling out to you as a fellow
classmate. After all, you do happen to be my roommate" Kouenji
replied to me as a matter-of-fact. Then he swiped down his hair and
almost like a shotgun, water droplets flew off his hair and landed on
my face and my uniform.

Of course, Kouenji seemed to be so absorbed in himself he did not
even realize my predicament. "Then I will excuse myself" the staff
boy, who was previously watching the spectacle unfold, quickly said
and shuffled away, quite clearly not willing to get any more involved
in this matter. Of course, I also do not wish to be alone with Kouenji
in a situation like this. "What were you talking with Kouenji about?" I
asked him swiftly. For a moment, the staff boy seemed to have been
slightly angry at being denied a chance to escape Kouenji but
dutifully replied to me "It seemed he was wet, so I thought to
provide him with a towel...but it seemed I have troubled you both,
please excuse me" he told me as he rushed off from the scene.

"I see. So he was making an attempt to take care of me?" Kouenji
noted. "Y-yeah, that seems to be it" I quickly told him in response.

Somehow it seemed I had managed to get away from Kouenji and
made it all the way back towards my room. "Still, what a coincidence.
Meeting up with Kouenji on my way back here". Still, even though it
was uncomfortable, I suppose it was still going to happen either way
considering the troublesome lack of space being packed on this ship
together. Desiring to avoid another awkward encounter, I instead
opted to turn right instead of left and chose to return to my room
some other time. Hirata and Yukimura, who also share the same
room as me, should be returning shortly. I instead went to the
nearby guide board on which the map of the ship was illustrated in a
clear-to-understand manner describing the various escape routes in
case of an emergency. As I listlessly walked through the corridors on
the second floor area, it seemed there were not many students here
at this time. Then the mobile phone in my pocket vibrated. I took it
out to see that I had mail. A certain girl had called me out. Since I had
nothing better to do at the time I decided to accept and headed out
to meet her.

"Hah...hah...hah". By the time I approached the girl who sent me the
message, Sakura, I could hear anxious sighs coming out of her
mouth. "What's wrong?" I ask her. "Waaah...A-Ayanokouji-kun?". I
seemed to have surprised Sakura, since she quickly panicked and
called my name with a shocked voice. "Sorry for surprising you" I told
her. "N-no...I-I was just being slightly nervous". If she's this nervous
about meeting a mere friend like me, her life must be pretty tough I
thought. "Ayanokouji-kun, your roommates are Hirata-kun,
Yukimura-kun and Kouenji-kun...right?" she asked me. "Yeah, is
something the matter?". I was surprised to hear her ask such a thing.
"Umm...about that...I was slightly worried about the people I'm
sharing my room with..." she trailed off. It seems like Sakura isn't
getting along very well with her rommates, since she was never good
at socializing in the first place. By looking at her worried expression, I

can understand the severity of her problems. "Are you worried that
you won't be able to get along well with them?". "I'm not sure. I do
feel like I want to be friends with them. But there's a part of me that
wants to be alone too. I'm hopeless aren't I?" Sakura tells me.

Her voice trailed off weakly, but unless I know who Sakura is sharing
her room with, I cannot give any proper advice at the current stage.
"So, who're your roommates?" I ask her. "...it's Shinohara-san,
Ichihashi-san and Maezono-san..." she replied with a dejected voice
while giving me the names of her roommates. It's a gathering of girls
with very strong and distinct personalities unlike Sakura. Speaking of
Shinohara, she's a girl who's close friends with my fellow classmate
Karuizawa. She's a headstrong girl who frequently quarrels with the
boys and doesn't hold back against people she doesn't like. I don't
think she'd hold anything against Sakura, but I doubt they'll be raring
to make friends either. Ichihashi is usually more mature, but still has
a somewhat headstrong attitude at times like Shinohara. I don't
know much about Maezono, but she definitely seems to have
somewhat of a bad attitude and certainly left a bad impression on
me. For Sakura, this must be like being thrown into a den of lions. I
wanted to pat her head to cheer her up even a bit. "But why ask me
for help in particular?" I asked. "....I thought if it's Ayanokouji-kun...I
might be able to get some good advice..." she said.

It seems she's quite dependent on me, but she quickly apologized to
me for it. "I-I'm sorry, Ayanokouji-kun must also be busy, sorry for
depending on you like this" she said. "No problem, I don't mind being
asked for advice, but I have doubts on my ability to help you" I
swiftly replied. Sadly, I don't know any one of the girls Sakura just
named so I probably won't be of much help to Sakura. While I was
thinking of my answer, the door to the room opened. "Oh. It's

Ayanokouji-kun and Sakura-san, what are you two doing here?" . It
was another one of my classmates, Kushida Kikyou, who came into
the guest lounge to greet us. Sakura's previously bright expression
quickly darkened and the atmosphere turned awkward.

Although Kushida was clearly not aware of it, the usually antisocial
Sakura rejected her presence and withdrew back into herself. Of
course, Kushida kept talking without a care in the world.

"It's ok, I'm not going to disturb you two. I was on my way to meet
some friends anyways" Kushida told us. "I-I'll be going back then..."
Sakura weakly told me. Although Kushida was trying to excuse
herself, Sakura got back up and ran back towards her room. "I'm
sorry. Perhaps I came at a bad time? Should I not have called out to
you?" Kushida tried to apologize to me. I thought there was no need
for such apologies, Sakura is naturally bad at socializing like this
anyways. "Anyways, I haven't talked to you ever since getting back to
the ship, Kushida. You were out with quite a lot of friends after all" I
told her. Kushida is the idol of the class. Naturally she's the most
popular girl. She was genuinely living up to her words of wanting to
be friends with everyone with the exception of a few loners like
Sakura. "I'm going out with Class C today, do you want to come with
me, Ayanokouji-kun?" Kushida asked me. "Err...can I join?" I asked.
"You're coming?" she sounded surprised. This is shaping up to be a
bad day indeed I thought. Kushida seemed slightly puzzled by my
response. I quickly thought I needed to decline this invitation. "I'm
joking, you know I'm not the type to hang out like that" I told her.
"Hmm...I was surprised for a bit, Ayanokouji-kun you're very funny"
Kushida told me. "R-really?" I asked. I don't think those were her real
thoughts, her true thoughts would definitely be a lot scarier than
that.

"Then I'll be off" she told me. Just as she said that, both Kushida's
and my phones vibrated at the same time. Even in silent mode the
tone still rang out clearly, this must be important instructions sent by
the school to all students. "I wonder what it is" she muttered.

Despite the various instructions we've received after starting school,
this is the first time we were contacted in such a manner. This
summer vacation is the first time receiving instructions like this. At
the same time, an announcement started over the ship's speakers.
"This is an announcement to all students, you will have received a
mail to your phones earlier. Check the contents of the mail and
follow those instructions closely. If you have not received the mail,
please contact your nearest available faculty member. This is a very
important announcement so please make sure to not miss it. I
repeat---" the voice repeated the message. "...it's the mail we
received just now right?". "Probably".

The message from the school arrived to both our phones
simultaneously after all. The following was written on the mail in my
phone:

"A special examination will be starting soon. Gather at the
designated time in the designated rooms. Students who are more
than 10 minutes late for the meeting will receive a penalty. Go to
room 204 on the second floor by 18:00 today. Since there is only 20
minutes left until then, please wash your hands and keep your phone
in silent mode or turn it off entirely."

So it's going to be a 'special test'. This is not going to be like the
paper examinations we received nor a physical fitness test. Just like
the island test, this is something normal schools wouldn't do. Only
our school would test us in such a way. Nothing else about the exam
was written. Is it something we can infer from the mail or is the exam
itself still unknown. Either way, there's only one way to find out. The
gathering point seems to be room 204 at 18:00. There's only 20
minutes in between. "Can I see your mail?" Kushida asks me. I show
it to her. She shows me her message too, but despite the basic
structure being the same, the gathering point for her was two rooms
down from mine and the gathering time was 20:40 instead of 18:00.
"I wonder why they'd give us such strange instructions?" she
wonders. "....no clue". The only certain thing in my mind was a bad
feeling I had about this.

I never expected our cruise to have this sort of exam set up, but it
seems to be reality indeed. Giving us free reign to pursue movie
theaters, party venues and buffet restaurants all of our own volition.
I tried looking back on all that to attempt to guess the contents of
this mysterious examination, unfortunately, I was unable to gather
any clue. I quickly send a message via mail to Horikita and she replied
to me almost instantly. "Did you receive a mail from the school just
now?". "I did". "I was appointed to meet at 18:00. What about you?".
"Mine's at 20:40. It looks like our gathering times are assigned
differently". "I see. At 20:40 huh?" I said. The same meeting time as
Kushida. I briefly wondered if they were going to split up the boys
and the girls. But that can't be, I was told in my mail that the exam
starts at 18:00. "I'm curious about this difference in starting times,
this could give rise to a feeling of unfairness between the students of
different groups". "I can't say for sure at this point". We sent
messages back and forth but soon a message arrived from Horikita.
"There are things I'd like to discuss further but there's no time it

seems. Since your gathering time is earlier. Please make sure to
report back to me" she said simply. "Got it" I replied to her. I then
shut my cell phone off.

"Ayanokouji-kun?". While I was focused on chatting with Horikita,
Kushida was staring at me as if to ask me what's wrong. I thought
briefly whether I should tell Kushida about the same meeting time as
Horikita, but it would be a bother to do so. I decided to wait and see
how things played out. It should not be too late even if I acted after
getting more information.
